Braeden Stewart
CS 1400
Assn-8: task 2

    My Goal with this program is to simulate a game show situation in which you're given the choice of three doors:
        Behind one door is a car; behind the others, goats. This assumes that the user has already chosen a door and
        will ask if they want to stay with their choice or choose another door. The program will simulate this game a
        1000 times with a single user input to use statistics to prove that it is to the user's advantage to switch
        doors (the user's initial choice will be randomized).

    I will need to import the random module to randomly assign which doors have a the goat or a car.
        I will also need to make sure they don't have the same values, possibly using lists.

    The while loop will also be essential to repeat the game for a 100000 times, and to display the winning percentage

    In order to ask for an input, I will need input().
        Additionally, I will need to use if and else statements with the operator <, >,
        or logical operators (AND, OR, and NOT)
        to determine whether the user won in a game or not.

    Possible issues could be:
        That the user inputs a value outside of Y/N (such as dweeb, otaku, or Harshirama-senpai...)
        many, MANY logic errors on my part.

Design:

* = added later

    The program will begin by importing the Random module.

    *Program then will prompt them on whether they want to stay with their choice or not. *

    *while loop will begin using while loop to count of one hundred thousand

        The program will randomly choose which doors is the winning door.

        The program will randomly choose which door was the users initial choice.

        The program will randomly choose a door to reveal a goat behind that is not the user's initial choice
            or the winning door

        Program will determine whether the user won each game or not, and calculate their winning percentage.

    Program will display number of wins, and winning percentage to player.

    End of line...

Implementation: see task2.py

Testing:

    output should be 66 % winning percentage for switching, and 33 percent for staying

    the output is:

    Would you like to switch? (Y/N):Y
    you have 66883 wins, and a winning percentage of 66.88233117668824
    Would you like to play again? (Y/N):

    and

    Would you like to switch? (Y/N):N
    you have 33407 wins, and a winning percentage of 33.40666593334067


