Braeden Stewart
CS 1400
Assn-7: task 2

    My goal is to have this program ask for the centers and radii of two circles from user input.
    The program will then compare these values to determine whether
        the circles overlap, are inside of each other, or neither.

    In order to ask for an input, I will need eval() and input() to be combined.
    Additionally, I will need to use if and else statements with the operator <, >, or logical operators (AND, OR, and NOT)
        to assign a print() line to the correct situation.

    In order to determine the various states of the circles,
        I am going to need to compare their radii to the distance between their centers.
    Because of this, I need to use the distance equation for between two points:
        distance = sqrt((x2 - x1) ** 2 + (y2 - y1) ** 2)
    This will also mean I need to import sqrt() from the math module.

Design:
    The program will begin by importing srt() from the math module.

    The program will then prompt the user to input values for the centers of circle1, and circle2 along with their radii.

    The distance formula will then be used to determine the distance between the centers.

    If distance is less than r1 - r2, then the program will print that circle 2 is inside of circle 1.

    If distance is less than r2 - r1, then the program will print that circle 1 is inside of circle 2.

    If distance is less than r2 + r1, then the program will print that they are overlapping.

    Anything else will cause the program to print that they are not either.

    end of line...

Implementation: see task2.py.

Testing:

    Test 1:
        Input:
            User types in 0,0,5 for circle 1.
            User types in 5,5,10 for circle 2.

        Output:
            circle 2 is overlapping with circle 1.

    Test 2:
        Input:
            User types in 1,2,15 for circle 1.
            User types in 5,4,20 for circle 2.

        Output:
            circle 1 is inside of circle 2.

    Test 3:
        Input:
            User types in 10,5,5 for circle 1.
            User types in 0,0,5 for circle 2.

        Output:
            circle 2 and circle 1 do not overlap nor are inside of each other.

    *Tests went swimmingly, and I did not encounter any issues. However, I did not test for negative values."